Everyone wants to better themselves, whether its improving their
health or elevating their attractiveness to others. Most will
never make any real attempt at changing themselves for the
better.. and thats a very unfortunate fact!

Now you can be one of those that takes the small steps towards
increasing their vitality, energy and confidence.

Visit our new Health Products Supersite and chose one or more
products thats right for YOU. Because only you know what you want
to improve with yourself :)

Boost your strength, energy and vitality, and increase your
positive outlook 10-fold with one or more of our proven and
effective products.

Don't wait any longer to make your life better!

                        Click here to visit our New Supersite-Price discount specials now
                                                    in effect!
Better Health
                                               Improved Self-Esteem
                                            A more Positive Self-Image


Voted the #1 most effective male enlargement supplement by FHM readers: V_P_X_L is guaranteed to add inches
within just a few short weeks. In addition to permanent, massive gains to length, you can also expect:

1. up to 20-30% gains in girth

2. Longer sex, never subside penis

3. More volume of ejaculate

Satisfaction and results are absolutely guaranteed. Why hesitate? Try the only Doctor endorsed Herbal
enlargement supplement today!

Hello! I am bored this evening. I am nice girl that would like to chat with you. Email me at
only, because I am using my friend's email to write this. I will show you some of my
private pictures

Get the prestige that you deserve today!

No required tests, classes, books, or interviews.

Obtain degrees from Prestigious non-accredited Universities based on you life experience.

be thrifty, buy your medications from the most reliable online store since

Detailed quality replicas of the most wanted designer watches are here!

genuine solid stainless steel, and 99.9% accurate markings, finish and weight.

The worlds largest online retailer of luxury products, including:


Attention The CEO,
 
RE: TRANSFER OF MILLION POUNDS TO YOUR ACCOUNT
 
My name is Mr . KEVEN ABRAHAM , and I work in the International Operation Department in a Bank here in
London. I feel quite safe dealing with you in this important business. Though, this medium (Internet) has
been greatly abused; I choose to reach you through it because it still remains the fastest medium of
communication. However, this correspondence is unofficial and private, and it should be treated as such.
 
At first I will like to assure you that this transaction is 100% risk and trouble free to both parties. We
want to transfer out money from our bank here in London. The fund for transfer is of clean origin.
 
The owner of this account is a foreigner, a program leader. Until his death, he was the Prime Minister of
has a huge investment here in the United Kingdom and all over the
world, as a matter of fact he has the sum of (Thirty Six Million Seven Hundred and Fifty Nine Thousand
Pounds Sterlings Only) in his account here in London which he deposited as a family valuables. His family
does not know about this deposit.
 
I was on a routine inspection that I discovered a dormant domiciliary account with a bal of (Thirty Six
Million Seven Hundred and Fifty Nine Thousand Pounds Sterlings Only) on further discreet investigation, I
also discovered that the account holder has passed away (dead) leaving no beneficiary to the account. The
bank will approve this money to any foreigner because the former operator of the a/c is a foreigner. I am
certainly sure that nobody will come again for the claim of this money. A foreigner can only claim this
money with legal claims to the account holder; therefore I need your cooperation in this transaction. I
will provide all necessary information needed in order to claim this money, hoping in God that you will
never let me down now and in the future.
 
Rafik Bahaa Edine Hariri (November 1, 1944 - February 14,05), married to Nazek Audi Hariri, was a Lebanese
self- made millionaire and business tycoon, and was five times Prime Minister of Lebanon and
before his last resignation from office on October, 2004. The late Mr. Rafik Bahaa Edine Hariri
died on the 14th day of February, 2005 when explosives equivalent to around of were detonated as
his motorcade drove past the Saint George Hotel in the Lebanese capital, for more information please log on
to
 
I want to transfer this money into a safe foreign account abroad but I don't know any foreigner whom I can
trust, I know that this message will come to you as a surprise, as we don't know each other before, but be
sure that it is real and genuine business.
 
I am contacting you as a foreigner without knowing your business integrity believing in God that you will
never let me down in the future once the fund goes into your account.
 
Let me hear from you urgently.
 
 
Yours Faithfully,

